Hello dad
Why is Zhenzhen calling Dad so late?
Not very late
It's only early 12 o'clock
How is your mother doing?
My mom took the medicine and fell asleep
That Li guy was kicked out of the house by me
Dad?
In his heart, he has been pursuing his mother
But mom, he never promised him, oh?
Dad, thank you for what happened today.
What to say to dad thank you
This is all as it should be
Are you free tomorrow?
What's the matter?
It's just that I think if you are free tomorrow
Can you come and celebrate my birthday with me?
Yes, why do you have to be free to accompany your daughter?
Hey, who's next to you?
I'm your stepmother
What? Really, baby?
I'm going for your birthday tomorrow, too
As a meet and greet gift
I want to book you the most luxurious hotel in Yunzhou
Host the most luxurious birthday party